bpo-32689: Updates shutil.move to allow for Path objects to be used as source arg (#15326)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2018-02-13-17-58-30.bpo-32689.a-3SnH.rst

> Updates shutil.move() function to allow for Path objects to be used as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update :func:`shutil.move` function to allow for Path objects to be used as
```
